yes sirs the TI journal again you'll
radio newspaper of the AEM the paper the
prints all your contributions for
overseas
men on the target range a bull is a
clean hits well here's the man who while
he may not be a hit is definitely a lot
of bull your original editor-in-chief
Kay Kyser well say minutes you're a
man-sized helping a pleasure being your
editor again this is your five star
final and standing by your five star
reporters to then of course our star
outside reporter professor Colonna who
ought to be calling in with a big story
right now hello hello hello desk
this is Kelowna I'm overseas with the
ground troops were running a forced
match a forced march really yes and
we're carrying full field packs and
everything we're really noted
Colonna or some of us are loaded more
than the others some very fine poems
just come in from overseas
okay yes go bevel read them the first
one is private Frannie Bates overseas
see the happy moron he laughs at every
slam I wish I were a moron my gosh
perhaps I am
one Moi's this one is from from whack
Magdalene colas roses are red violets
are blue I know violets are blue coz I
seen her hanging them out in a line the
other day
well they listen don't let that throw
you man if you have a cute little poem a
limerick on hand send it into gr Journal
Armed Forces Radio Los Angeles USA and
we'll read it to you and now we present
our lovely editor of your letters
overseas Linda Darnell for the letters
from the men because I'm leaving on a
tour of army camps overseas
oh no fooling would tell me who's a new
letters are going to be well she's a
very good friend of mine and she's from
MGM and her name is Lucille Ball
hello okay Oh Lucille Ball I adore you I
worship you ah every beat of my heart
there's a flame that burns your name and
my soul okay Kay don't be ridiculous
well you just met me
hey listen a Chow hound doesn't have to
wait for dinner to be hungry you know
hello Kay Kyser speaking hey Kaiser well
what strikes you so funny Kelowna I put
in one slug and I get another
listen Colonna you're supposed to be
overseas with the troops getting a story
for GI Journal that's just where I am
chief camouflage they look just like a
tree you look just like a tree yes
exactly like a tree hmm
I'm gonna chief Lassie go home
gie journal we come now to another one
of your favorite hello young men I saw
to remember you from someplace you can
be a private sad story a life of sad
sack we pick up our story when the sad
sack was first born the proud father
looks at the tiny bundle and says to the
mother they're supposed to keep the baby
not the stork
but the sad-sack proved to his parents
that he is a brilliant child at the end
of his very first year in school he
comes running home with the happy news
mama I've been expelled
the sad side he met the girl of his
dreams he tries to make love by
serenading her he holds her hand and
sings
mm-hmm
what am I gonna get a kiss or a quart of
milk
now before the blackboard gets the rest
of my van we better set up a musical
headline for our pin-up girl it's
gorgeous
Georgia Kara
okay and I'd like to thank all the men
for their wonderful letters and their
pinup pictures of themselves keeping
more coming in won't you oh they will
sugar now how about that - okay
our folks especially for the second
motor transport battalion in the minute
APO 986 Georgia sings this beautiful
song
around
no matter how you treat me from
ladies love can never last and when it's
when she's gone find a love just know
to say you're feeling fine and things go
wrong perhaps you'll see your men for me
she's gone
well it's printwand Daniel I'll be back
this way real soon and until then and
until then remember folks if you want to
write for any of the editors here on the
show all you have to do is to write in
any little gag that will fit and we'll
be glad to use it
you